Mims
>> Tim,
>> can you believe we've done 23 episodes
of bold names?
>> I genuinely cannot.
>> But I do know that we've covered a lot
of ground in that time. AI, robots,
defense tech, EVs, the end of the global
economic system as we know it, the
online sports betting industry, Tuby.
And we're not finished. We're coming
back September 12th with new episodes on
Fridays and we'll be on YouTube so our
fans and my mom will be able to see us.
Shout out to moms. Tim, how are we going
to celebrate? Well, how else but a clip
show. And we went through the bold names
archives and picked some favorite
moments, the most memorable
conversations with guests who really
surprised us, really excited us, and we
put it all together. Think of it as now
that's what I call bold names volume
one.
>> We're going to start with Palmer Lucky,
the founder and CEO of defense tech
company and
>> that's next.
>> First stop on our trip into the bold
names archives, Palmer Lucky, founder
and CEO of weapons manufacturer Androel.
We talk about how Lucky, a longtime
supporter of President Trump, is using
his influence in both Silicon Valley and
Washington DC to secure US military
contracts while trying to remake the
government's approach to national
security. Yeah, this conversation took a
few surprising turns. Lucky quoted
iconic singer Patty Leel. He read us his
latest text messages from Elon Musk and
he shared his thoughts on the Black Eyed
Peas. Definitely worth checking out the
whole interview, but here's one of our
favorite clips. Let's get into it. So,
while we're talking about these
autonomous, you know, flying drones
essentially, obviously those have been
hugely important in Ukraine. I mean, a
lot of these uh still are built in
China. Um the US has had trouble, you
know, maintaining market share there.
Um, you know, the Pentagon's trying to
encourage uh US manufacturing of these
really lowcost autonomous munitions in a
way. Um, where are we at? Why can't we
maintain any market share there in the
US?
>> There's about a half dozen small drone
makers in the US that are building
really powerful tools in in in that
category. Uh, I think that the problem
is that the United States has not really
made it part of our procurement strategy
to actually use tools like that yet.
Like the reason you see Ukraine using
small quadcopters is because they're in
a war. You they're using whatever they
can get their hands on, whatever they
can build in country, whatever they can
buy from China, and they're strapping
grenades to to drones and flying them
around and blowing them up. The United
States, like we don't have a program of
record for armed quadcopters. There's
earlier research and development going
on. There are early prototypes of things
going on. We're we're building a small
sorry a larger uh attack attack attack
uh attack quadcopter that is fitting
into a Marine Corps program uh organic
prec for organic precision fires. But
again like that's early stages. They're
basically at the stage where they're
buying hundreds of them to try out with
the intent of getting into it later. So
I I'm actually not too worried on the on
the small quadcopter side. I think the
United States is is is actually doing
fine there. Where we really get screwed
is on munitions that are a bit harder to
build. Things like cruise missiles,
things like surfaceto-air interceptors.
In that case, I mean, you you've
probably read you read all the stories.
US wargaming results.
>> We run out in two weeks in a in a fight
with China.
>> Eight. Yeah. Yeah. It depends on who you
ask. There's people who say a day,
there's people who say eight days,
people say two weeks. But but you can
see the tenor of it is all the same. And
let's say that it is two weeks. two
weeks of pain doesn't mean much to a
dictator who thinks in terms of
centuries, right? Like if if if China
believes that we can put up a good fight
for a week or two and then it's going to
take us years to rebuild our industrial
capacity on the weapons side. I mean I
mean that's that's an easy trade for
someone like him to make. get through
the pain and come out the other side
with the world's largest military by far
standing unopposed and a US arsenal that
is empty.
>> Okay. But and you we have a new um
secretary of defense Pete Hegath
recently said I'm quoting here. We have
some really fastmoving newer contractors
that are willing to work that have
already put a lot of money into R&D that
want to help us rapidly field these new
systems that we're going to need for
fights in the future. Yep. defense
spending is, you know, at this point
given the push toward efficiency, a zero
sum game. Um, that feels like he's
talking about you, some of these other
drone makers you just mentioned. Um, I
mean, do you see this as as a good sign
for Andre? Number one, and number two,
how can we realize the dream that you
just articulated in a world where we're
trying to shrink budgets, even the
defense budget, it sounds like, or
they're looking for efficiencies. So to
be honest, it's uh it's not that hard.
Uh we spend so much on so little. We
spend so much money on capabilities that
are of very little consequence to
deterring a conflict with China. Legacy
things that made sense when we were
investing very heavily in
counterterrorism made a lot of sense
when we were imagining that we were
going to get into a large scale land war
in Europe. You know, I I actually think
that in a lot of ways, Andreal will do
better in a world where defense budgets
are going down because that's when you
have to tighten your belt. When your
budget is stable or going up, it's
easier for people to just keep spending
on everything they're already spending
on cuz nobody will complain and then add
even more on top of that. when you're
forced to tighten your belt, that's when
you start to make trade-offs and say,
you know, do I really need to keep for
like you one example is the Marine Corps
getting rid of their tanks and they say,
you know what, that's not the future of
the Marine Corps island hopping in the
Pacific. Tanks are not going to be part
of that. So, you know what? We're going
to get rid of them. You know, that that
sent a shock wave through the DoD to
have the common make that decision. We
probably need to make a hundred
decisions that are just like that
fundamentally recomposing the force,
their mission, how we think about
deterrence. My ideological view is that
the United States should not be the
world police. We should be the world gun
store. We need to stop sending our
people overseas to die for other
people's sovereignty. And we need to be
willing to sell them the weapons they
need to make themselves into prickly
porcupines that nobody wants to step on,
nobody wants to bite, nobody wants to
take a bite of them. That's how I think
we're going to help our allies, not just
like Ukraine or Israel, but looking at
other places that China has on their
road map, like the Philippines, like
South Korea, like Japan. we need to sell
them the tools that they need to defend
themselves. When you rethink things that
way and you say, "Well, wait, maybe we
don't need to budget to have, you know,
hundreds of thousands of troops that are
ready to go fight for this particular
country. Maybe we can actually put that
money into advanced munitions production
of things that are, you know, 90% fewer
parts, much easier to make, where we can
make large quantities of them sufficient
to deter a conflict. Maybe we actually
can cut defense spending and also get
more capability." And I I'll finish this
rant by saying this, which is I'm
actually probably a little bit at odds
with some of my Republican colleagues
where, you know, they're saying, "Hey,
we're at 2.9% of GDP on defense
spending. If we're telling the rest of
the world that we need to they need to
be at 5%, you know, shouldn't shouldn't
we be at 5%, too?" I I I lean I lean
more towards I think we can do it with
what we're already spending or less.
That's Anderl CEO Palmer Lucky. One of
the lines here that really stood out to
me at one point he said the US should
not be the world police. We should be
the world gun store.
Tim, we're going to continue along this
windy path of geopolitics. And here's
some of our conversation with Evan
Smith, the CEO of a company called
Altana. Altana is kind of like LinkedIn,
but instead of resumes and grind set
posts, it gives its customers insight
into the details of their supply chains.
>> Yeah. Yeah, and we did this interview at
like the perfect time during the peak of
the tariff turmoil back in May. At one
point, he even told us that a board
member at a Fortune50 company told him
that President Trump's liberation day
was an economic Pearl Harbor. Let's
listen.
So, now it seems like we're getting a
little break from the Liberation Day
tariffs.
Break. I'm putting in scare quotes. So,
they've been paused on nearly a hundred
nations.
Are things back to normal? Can we Can we
all go home now? Can we end this podcast
right here?
>> Look, even if um even if we, you know,
got to a place tomorrow where it was
like, "Okay, we're we're done. Uh let's
go back to the way it was, which that
won't happen, but let's just imagine the
scenario. we're going to live through
what's called a bullhip effect in the
world economy in the in the global
supply chain for the next 9 or 12
months. It was such a big shock to the
system. So, you know, the logistics
providers themselves, you know, where do
the containers go, where where are the
ships, the distortion to inventories,
the distortion to orders, it's this
massive shock to the system that's going
to reverberate for the rest of the year
easily. So even if we just magically
kind of went back to the way things
were, we'd still be living through that
shock. I think the other thing that this
did back to my comment about economic
Pearl Harbor was this really rubbed
every board and seuite
uh nose in the in the fact that
geopolitics
are now primary
in governing and steering global
businesses. So it's not just like the
market rationale, who's growing what,
where, what products do I need to get
where, at what cost, with what
distribution networks and supply chains.
It's it's geopolitics front and center.
And that's not going to change, right?
Like we the the the rules of the game
just changed. And what we saw China do
in response is they put this gun to our
head and said, you know, if you're going
to cut off our trade, we're going to cut
off your ability to access these
critical minerals and magnets.
We're going to shut down the most
important production chains in your
country
>> because because those magnets are in
motors and all sorts of high value
>> weapons, motors, semiconductors,
advanced electronics, autonomous
systems, like all of our information,
telecommunication infrastructure,
you know, short of selling our bonds,
that was the biggest lever they could
pull.
>> And what do you hear? You half of your
business comes from government. Uh,
presuming a lot of it is the federal
government, presuming you're talking
with the Trump administration. What are
you hearing from the Trump
administration?
>> Yeah, I don't want to be super specific,
but yeah, we're
>> and we like specific here.
>> Sure.
>> Please relay your last conversation with
Scott Bessant.
>> I uh I will not. Um so so this I'm very
confident that the that the uh effort to
refactor the entire global trading
system is in the first or second inning
not the ninth
>> first or second inning. What uh so it
just escalates here more chaos ahead.
>> It's going to be more of this you know
big swing here big announcement there
maybe a precision strike here. And we're
in a big negotiation phase where I think
the administration's hopeful that enough
countries are going to come to the table
willing to make enough sweeping changes
that you know it starts to snowball.
Like that's the hopeful scenario.
>> Mhm.
>> And then you can see it going in other
ways too potentially.
>> To to put a fine point on it, you think
there's going to be more big swings as
these negotiations play out?
>> I am I'm 100% convicted.
[Music]
Let's go back to where we almost began
this conversation. The uh golden arches
diplomacy that you kind of referenced.
It's almost 30 years ago. Globalization
was very in vogue and Thomas Freeman had
his Big Mac diplomacy theory. The idea
that
>> no two countries that both have a
McDonald's have ever fought a war
against each other. The kind of the idea
that free trade would interconnect the
world in a way that would prevent armed
conflict. Well, in hindsight, that seems
maybe idealistic. Um, why was Thomas
Friedman wrong? Why were why were so
many people wrong about this idea that
free trade was this kind of ushering in
kind of a a utopia for the world?
>> They got it exactly wrong, meaning they
confused the causality.
Um look the point is that we we really
came out with this very
triumphalist
optimistic cheerful view that you know
globalization free trade was the end
state right and then what I've unlearned
since then what I've come to realize is
that it's literally the opposite free
trade does not create peace peace
creates free trade peace gives rise ties
to free trade. And we all sort of came
of age in an era where we had a unipolar
security umbrella provided by the United
States policing all of the waters,
right? Maritime security, free trade.
That era is over and now you have Russia
asserting itself, Iran asserting itself,
and most of all, China asserting itself.
And guess what? Now you're seeing the
breakdown of the free trading system as
those geopolitical interests become
primary over the economic interests.
>> You call it the end of globalization
1.0. I believe
>> I do
>> that then that that you have a date even
that was Thursday, February 24th, 2022.
>> That was the day that Russia invaded
Ukraine and then I think the debate was
over. That was a McDonald's having
nation invading another McDonald's
having nation, right?
Evan Smith, CEO of Alano.
I think this conversation really stood
out to us for a couple of reasons. First
is his conviction that our global
economic system as we know it will never
be the same. Also, the fact that he said
Thomas Freriedman got it exactly wrong
about his golden arches theory of
diplomacy. We're going to take a quick
break. When we come back, one of the
hottest areas in tech right now is
humanoid robots. We'll look back on our
conversation with Ayanna Howard, a
roboticist and the dean at the Ohio
State University College of Engineering.
And then coming up later in the show,
we'll hear highlights from our interview
with Microsoft AI chief Mustafa Sullean,
who told us why he's skeptical of
visions of superhuman AI showing up
anytime soon.
>> I think there's obviously a lot of
motivated reasoning if you're
fundraising and so on. Um and look there
are very smart people who I respect
deeply uh who who think it is literally
imminent. Stay with us.
Now we're going to hear from Microsoft
AI chief Mustafa Sullean in a bit. But
first we're going to touch on another
buzzy industry, humanoid robots.
Way back in February, we spoke with
Ayana Howard.
>> She's a roboticist and the dean at the
Ohio State University College of
Engineering. She has been working on
humanoid robots and the software brains
that power them for decades. Humanoid
robots and AI are two of the hottest
fields in tech right now. We try to
bring a healthy skepticism to these
overhyped industries when we cover them
on the show. We talked about what it
would take for the many humanoid robot
startups out there now to actually
succeed. Let's take a listen. So
suddenly humanoids are the hottest thing
in tech other than AI. There are by my
count more than a dozen startups
worldwide that have racked up
significant investment to work on these.
Some of these startups it's in the
hundreds of millions of dollars. So, as
in my estimation the world expert on
humanoid robots who's not already
employed by a humanoid robot company, I
have to ask why is this happening now?
What is going on?
>> There's a couple of things. One is that
uh humanoid robots is the is the next
shiny penny that out there that tech
folks and VCs, venture capitalists can
invest in. Uh but I think it's also this
logical for for those who aren't in
robotics, it seems like the next logical
step around artificial intelligence and
generative AI is oh let's think about
generative AI with a physical
embodiment. And so if I'm thinking about
the technology lineage, it's going to be
humanoids because generative AI is about
human knowledge. Human knowledge in a
body. Human body must be a humanoid. So,
it's just a natural progression for a
non-rooticist to think that way.
>> Shiny penny. Uh, there's clearly a lot
of hype in this space right now. And
probably no one's bigger at the hype
than Tesla's own techno king, Elon Musk.
And he's recently saying that he thinks
his car company uh can build 10,000
humanoid robots by the year's end. a
goal that he even he seems to concede
they won't meet, but if they get to
thousands uh he'll be happy. And then
there's a a company called Figure which
is out recently talking about how it's
going to deploy a 100,000 robots in the
next four years. So like generally
speaking, where is the technology
currently? What what are these kinds of
humanoid robots capable of doing in
reality in your estimation? If you think
about the abilities of humanoids and
what you would like them to do in
theory, you like them to go from point A
to point B. So, navigation, they can do
that pretty well. Uh given that you can
model the environment once they get to
another location, you want them to be
able to manipulate. So, move objects,
pick up things, um build things, and
then go back from B to A or B to C, the
last mile, as an example. Now, what
they're really
>> the last feet
>> the last feet uh at least in our human
environments, uh the reality though is
that just like with self-driving cars is
that they are they can be very very very
effective in limited situations, limited
environments, limited task with, you
know, humans not rampant around them.
They can be positive, but that's not
going to give you a billion-dollar
valuation of of a company.
>> It feels like these robots are where
autonomous cars were. I want to say 10
years ago, but maybe it's more like 20
or 30 years ago. Is is that a fair
analogy? Um I would say that they are at
the point when all of the investment
incurred which was I I would say that
was about 10 years ago um where startups
were just popping up. They were talking
about self-driving cars are going to be
rampant within the next 24 months um
including wellestablished car companies.
And you know, as roboticists, we always
like do you remember that that car that
drove across America about 40 years ago?
Like that's where we are with with
humanoid robotics. Like we we've seen
humanoid robotics 40 50 years ago.
Clunky,
not well designed necessarily. And just
like with self-driving cars, I always
like to think about Hunger Games. There
will be a winner at some point. We just
don't know one who the winner is and two
what is that application that is going
to really set it apart from everyone
else.
>> So the battle for supremacy in humanoid
robots is going to be like the Hunger
Games, Tim, at least according to
roboticist Ayanna Howard. But what do
you think?
Well, I'm definitely excited to watch
that movie play out. It's been super
exciting to see how something very
similar occurred in the autonomous car
space. We had a number of companies
duking it out and in recent years a
narrowing of the field, those who are
really viable at this point, the likes
of Whimo and Tesla and Zuks. So, I would
imagine we're early days right now with
humanoid robots and eventually we're
going to start seeing those punches fly
or at least that would be great for the
movie. Now, Mims, let's change gears
just a little bit from humanoid robots
to something closely related, artificial
intelligence.
And you know, few people developing AI
have as much experience in the field as
Microsoft AI CEO Mustafa Sulleman. He
co-founded DeepMind, helped Google
develop its large language models, and
designed AI chatbots at his former
startup, Inflection AI.
And now he's leading Microsoft's efforts
on its consumer AI products like
Copilot. He's also navigating the
company's complicated relationship with
OpenAI, one of the biggest dramas in
tech right now. Popcorn emoji. We also
wanted to know in a world in which AI
will be capable of doing pretty much
everything we do, what's left for the
humans. We got into all of that in our
chat with Microsoft AI chief Mustafa
Sullean.
>> In Silicon Valley and in San Francisco
where I'm I'm talking to you from, the
big term is artificial general
intelligence. AGI is the hot buzzword.
Of all the chiefs of AI who are
wellknown, you seem the most skeptical
that it's arriving anytime soon, the the
least
interested in it in a way. Why is that?
I don't think I'm skeptical that it's
arriving anytime soon. Um, you know,
soon to me is sometime in the next 10
years.
>> I think some people are say maybe
tomorrow, right?
>> Well, you know, I think there's
obviously a lot of motivated reasoning
if you're fundraising and so on. And
look, there are very smart people who I
respect deeply uh who who think it is
literally imminent. Um, so look, I
I guess like I said earlier, you know,
to me the goal isn't super intelligence
for its own sake. You know, super
intelligence is framed as,
you know, the moment when an AI is as
good as all humans at all tasks. Not not
just like one human at one task, but
like all of us collectively put
together. Controlling and containing
something as powerful as that, you know,
just seems like unfathomably complex and
aligning it to our interests and making
it really want to care about us enough
not to step on us and, you know, squish
us. I think
the reason I started off in technology
and what I'm passionate about is solving
hard social problems. I care about
healthare. I care about energy. I care
about food systems. I care about
education. And these tools are going to
transform those industries and genuinely
deliver a world of abundance. Like you
know that is coming like in the next 10
or 20 years. I really believe we're
going to reduce the cost of energy
production to near zero marginal costs
which underpins the cost of everything.
Um I really believe that we are going to
have medical super intelligence sometime
in the next two to five years which
means a domainspecific
contained aligned medical expert that
can diagnose any condition and can
orchestrate care in real life clinical
settings. And that to me is true prize.
That's why we're working on this. That's
what I call humanist super intelligence.
And um that's probably why you find me
more focused on those things rather than
on sort of AGI or super intelligence for
its own sake.
>> That reminds me a lot of uh one of your
colleagues and and how he likes to talk
about the immediate future and that's of
course Sam Alman.
You know, our colleagues at the Journal
have reported on
what feels like a healthy rivalry at
Microsoft. Some of your teams
involving, you know, the the partnership
with Open AI. Um, you know, there's a
lot of big personalities involved.
There's very high stakes. is is are we
seeing kind of the same kind of creative
friction that we've seen in other
partnerships in the past or you know
what's what's going on there where you
have this this partnership with the
leading AI lab but you're building AI
and you're using their tools at the same
time. It seems very complicated.
>> I mean look first of all this
partnership is going to go down as one
of the most successful for both sides in
technology history. Um over the last 6
years both companies have blossomed and
it's going to continue for many years to
come at least until 2030 and hopefully
uh way beyond that. Um look we are a $3
trillion company and at one level AI is
unquestionably the future of the
technology industry that Microsoft has
formed and shaped over the last 50
years.
uh so you know as much as we are a
partnership-based company that is a
platform of platforms we also have to be
AI self-sufficient uh in many ways too
so look it's a it's a great partnership
it's going to continue there's always
going to be creative friction they build
and sell APIs uh uh you know as well as
obviously chat bots uh and we do the
same so there's some tension but
fundamentally you know we're really all
trying to compete against Google and
against uh Meta and and and all of the
others.
>> Does that mean building your own
Frontier Foundation models?
>> I don't know about Frontier, but we're
definitely been developing our own
models for many years. Um they tend to
be SLMs, midsize models, so small
language models and mid-size models, but
just having the knowhow to be able to
build models for our products, for our
use cases. This is a big priority for
us. I'm so fascinated with the
relationship um between uh OpenAI and
Microsoft. I'm curious, how often do you
talk to Sam Alman, the CEO of OpenAI?
>> Uh pretty frequently, all all the time.
I mean, you know, he's he's a big part
of the the Microsoft ecosystem and uh
you know, we're we're all in constant
contact, including with Satya and the
rest of the team.
>> What's most impressed you by him or
what's most frustrated you by him?
Um, I think he's a brilliant visionary.
Uh, and you know, you know, you know,
Chat GBT has been an incredible success.
Um, I think he's very good at, uh,
letting lots of flowers bloom and then
making sure that he bets on the right
ones. In the years running up to 2020,
they were betting on games and
simulations and robotics and lots of
different methods and they let those die
quickly and at the right pace in order
to make the bet on GBT2 and GBT3 and I I
think they did that incredibly well.
>> Yeah. You know, I I I'd read the other
day the information recently had a
report that said OpenAI is working to
develop its own workplace programs like
Word to allow users to collaborate. And
that kind of feels like that's getting
into Microsoft space. What do you think
of such moves by your partner?
>> I think it's great. Like they are an
independent company. Uh we happen to own
a large chunk of them. Uh but we compete
with them. They compete with us. When
they're successful, we're successful
because we own a big chunk of them. So
uh we we have no influence on what
products they do or don't make. They are
entirely independent and they're free to
build whatever they they want. That
said, you know, there is this uh just
really fascinating contract
that OpenAI has with you, which I've
never understood this. Apparently, it
stipulates that if they achieve AGI,
then they are no longer have an
exclusive deal with you. Um,
is that true?
like are you waiting for them to uh
achieve AGI and then and then it's
>> look it's a complicated structure um and
you have to understand how visionary and
ahead of its time it was um you know it
was very hard for anyone to predict back
in 2019 2020 how fast this would go um
so I think there's a lot to work through
and you know I think the teams have been
working hard on figuring out the next
versions of the contract Fact, I'm I'm
I'm sure we'll get through it.
>> Well, Mims, it's complicated.
>> Yeah, as Sullean said, it's a
complicated structure and he's also in
the odd position of running Microsoft's
internal AI development while sort of
competing with OpenAI, which Microsoft,
meanwhile, is heavily invested in. And
it's interesting. He says he's focused
on reaching what he calls humanist super
intelligence rather than super
intelligence for its own sake.
>> Humanist super intelligence. We're going
to take another quick break, but when we
come back, we'll hear highlights from
our conversation with Peter Jackson, not
the filmmaker, the CEO of Flutter
Entertainment. That's the parent company
of online sports betting giant FanDuel.
Really excited to listen to some of that
conversation again. It got pretty spicy.
Then later in the show, we'll look back
on our interview with Sarah Guam, the
founder of venture capital firm
Conviction. We talked about how she's
finding opportunities in a new
generation of Silicon Valley
entrepreneurs, and what that looks like.
>> I think it's just uh I think it's
actually just stylistic uh because these
people are like amazing professionals.
Um
>> so they're like, I got a million dollar
contract, bro.
>> Something like that. Except I I like I
would need to urban dictionary the
words, right?
>> Yeah,
>> that's next.
This next conversation really offered a
lot of surprises. I don't think we went
into looking at the online sports
betting industry through a tech company
lens, but that changed when we spoke
with Peter Jackson, the CEO of FanDuel
parent, Flutter Entertainment. FanDuel
is the biggest US company in sports
betting by revenue. Even if you don't
care about sports, his industry is
transforming the US. It's also at the
center of its fair share of controversy.
Yeah, we wanted to know how is Flutter
capitalizing on the rapid rise of
legalized online gambling in the US. Is
the sports betting boom sustainable? And
is it really all just clean fun or are
states opening the gates to potential
harms? Let's take a listen.
Clearly, like you just said, the data
matters. Uh, of course, you are a
business, right? I mean, according to
our own reporting, I think people lose
on average seven and a half cents on
every dollar they bet with you, right?
The house always wins. But how do you
keep people coming back when on average
you you know you have the problem that
every gaming business has, which is that
clearly you're making money overall and
they're losing it to you?
>> We we're in the entertainment business.
I mean, the business is called Flutter
Entertainment and Yeah. Yeah.
I'll tell the story, you mean I, you
know, I get in a cab, right? And the guy
says to me, "What do I do?" And I, you
know, I tell them I work for Fanu and
he's, "Oh my god, you can't believe what
happened at the weekend. I had my parlay
bet on and you know, six legs clicked
and the seventh leg didn't." He said, "I
had $10 down and if that only that
player had gone five more yards, I would
have won a 100red b." He said, "I've
been telling everyone about it." Right?
They'd had so much entertainment from
it. Right? And that's what it's about.
Now, sometimes they win, sometimes they
lose those parlor bets, but in the end,
this is about entertainment. This is not
about making a living for them. But
it's, you know, you get much better
value from the money you're spending
with us than you do going to the cinema,
right? Where it's just a bin and gone
experience, right? Um, you know, you get
to tell your friends about it. You can
share it on social media. People love
sharing their wins. They love sharing
the ones that they almost won. Um, so
that's what we bring. We bring
excitement to life for people. So sports
betting is definitely better than going
to a movie.
>> Well, if you're asking me, of course it
is.
>> You talked about being, you know, part
of the entertainment business. Um,
one of the things about the evolution of
the entertainment business, of course,
is that is that, you know, it's so much
of it's being delivered right through
these I'm holding up my phone for those
of you can't see it, which is all
everyone right now. um in some ways it's
a more
potent delivery device, right? That's
the flip side of it being accessible.
And so, you know, there's this kind of
growing literature on how we have to be
careful because it's with us all the
time, right? So, psychiatrist Anna Lemi,
she has this great book called Dopamine
Nation. She calls so much of what gets
delivered through our phone a digital
drug. And um
so many of the kind of safeguards that
you talk about putting in place, I mean,
they do remind me of like responsible
drinking campaigns or, you know, the
regulations that were put on companies
like Juul, for example, about not
advertising to young people. I mean is
it fair to say that in the same sense
that social media is a digital drug that
this is a digital drug and we should
acknowledge that and sort of regulated
accordingly. We we are regulated, you
know, I think unlike the, you know, the
social media businesses, we're very
heavily regulated on a state-by-state
basis in the US and, you know, on a sort
of country bycountry basis elsewhere.
And there are a lot of sort of customs
and practices we have to adhere to um to
make sure that our you know, our
customers are well protected um in that
sort of operating environment. And I
think you there are some therefore
important distinctions between what we
do and what so some of the social media
uh you know and other and other digital
businesses are doing.
I don't know mess what do you think is
sports betting better than going to a
movie? Peter Jackson says it is. Maybe
if it's between that and seeing Jurassic
World Rebirth
>> or Megan 2.0
which funny enough continues a story of
AI gone rogue in the form of a creepy
robot doll. Tim, that's a great segue to
our next and last clip.
Yeah, AI is one of the sexiest topics in
tech. And Sarah Gua, the founder of
venture capital firm Conviction, is
eyeing and investing in companies that
use AI for boring business tools. Gua is
a rising star among investors and she
gave us some surprising insight into
young founders today and also the
politicization of Silicon Valley. At one
point she told us that the Overton
window of what you can express as a tech
person and venture capitalist has opened
dramatically over the last 5 years which
you'd know if you spent any time at all
on X. We really wanted to know in a
world where bigname AI companies are
getting all of the attention and
seemingly all of the investment dollars,
what are the areas of undiscovered
opportunities? Let's take a listen.
When I think about some of these younger
founders that I talked to, there's
really this incredible before and after
generationally. A lot of it because of
the pandemic and how just central that
was to a lot of people's experience. And
I'm just curious, have you witnessed
this? Do you feel like there are
significant differences in in the in the
younger generation of founders now who
you are talking to in in any way like in
terms of their priorities or the
technologies they're focused on or
anything else?
>> Um, absolutely. But it's really hard for
me to tell if that's just because I'm
becoming an old, you know what I mean?
I'm like, are they like were they always
like this or is it just like I'm getting
very ornery?
>> We we work with several sets of
dropouts. So I can describe them now. Um
so uh there's a company called Sol that
does uh business process automation. So
for example like you know in a freight
brokerage company you have to move a lot
of paper around in between different
systems to um take a load from a shipper
to its destination and like it would be
nice if more of that happened
automatically. The founders are MIT
dropouts so they're in their very early
20s. Um, I'm trying to remember if they
could drink when we first backed the
company and I think the answer is no, or
at least one of them could not, which
amused me. Um, but I'd say, you know,
we're not backing every random set of
dropouts, right? Like happens very
>> can't have an Ivy League dropout on your
table and automatically get funding from
you.
>> Uh, no. Um, not anymore. It's uh, well,
I don't know. It's a pretty it's pretty
heated time, but but no, not for us. Um
and uh I I think the the
ambition and capability and strategic
thinking like they happen at all
different ages. Um and like this is this
is funny because this is an enterprise
software company, right? We're selling
to like you we're selling business
software to enterprises to improve their
operations like efficiency. Um which is
not
>> as 20somes are wanting. Yeah. It's it's
it's uncommon versus like, oh, let me
start like a consumer social thing for
my friends on campus, right? And so I
think the surprise to me from a behavior
perspective might just be me growing
old, which is like the communication can
be quite casual, but um I think it's
just uh I think it's actually just
stylistic. Uh because these people are
like amazing professionals. Um
>> so they're like I got a million dollar
contract, bro.
>> Something like that. Except I I like I
would need to urban dictionary the
words.
>> Well, I don't even know if we're Mims. I
don't know even know if we're talking
about age young, but we're talking about
almost a new generation of entrepreneurs
who you go back 10 years ago were
excited about the potential of the app
economy, a potential of what mobile was
doing. So, we saw a lot of of app-based
businesses, uh, whether it was Uber or
Instagram or whatnot kind of coming out
of that. But now I, you know, I feel
like we're seeing a lot of AI, but we're
also seeing a lot of maybe hard science
kind of businesses that are inspired by
the likes of SpaceX and and the defense
company Androl and this idea of changing
the world in like the literal sense of
the world. Are you seeing those kinds of
pitches in in your life?
>> Software can change the world, Tim. Come
on.
>> Absolutely. I I take that back. But if
you are I I believe that so genuinely so
I'm willing to say it. Um uh but if you
are asking like do we see companies that
are doing uh hard sciences beyond you
know computer engineering. Um absolutely
right. So we work with a company in the
consumer robotics space. they are young,
you know, PhDs and PhD dropouts and and
yet I'm so comfortable saying that they
are, you know, world experts in what
they do and like it's in the pedigree,
right? Like Tesla and Deep Mind and
whatever else, but it's it's
characteristic of the fact that one
thing that might be really impressive to
me as I become more of an old is, you
know, people start their journey into
becoming a world expert at a very early
age, right? where I'm like at 16 I'm
like hostessing at Outback Steakhouse
and I still had what I would consider to
be like a very specific childhood where
I I went to the I went to the startup
office every day.
>> It's interesting that this this kind of
cohort of of folks who have come up
watching the the SpaceX's and the Teslas
of the world rise up. They came up in a
kind of an era of cheap money too. low
very low interest rates that pushed uh a
lot of investors to kind of gamble on
these big bets as they chased returns
that they probably weren't getting
through the traditional means. Right
now, I don't know if we'll ever see
cheap money again. Probably well, you
probably will, but not right now. How
does that change their ambitions or are
they even able to chase those same kind
of dreams in the same way that we saw 10
years ago? What What's the advice you
would give to somebody like that?
>> Call me. Right. No, I I had to say it.
I'm sorry. Um if you're really good at
this, call me. Uh the
I think that um you absolutely have the
uh you know there are drivers and drags
and then when you look at early stage
venture um the capital markets of
investors who invest in early stage
venture funds is very deep. I was not
aware how deep until the last few years
and you know you have huge amounts of
inflow into mostly a series of AI
companies. But there are real there are
other real drags like as you mentioned
um there's not been a lot of liquidity
like outcomes from technology companies
first because there was a you know
amongst other things a um very
challenging M&A environment for a while
and then also you know we have been
waiting for companies to go public but
Figma filed Corey went public we we
should expect more here I'm optimistic
um it's tough for an asset class to have
only money going in and you know very
little coming out over a long period of
time and so uh you should imagine that
to have some tightening effect but on
the other hand I actually think that's
washed out by um a belief across uh many
many investors including the early stage
VCs themselves and the people who back
them that technologies impact on the
world is broader and broader and the
outcomes are bigger and bigger and the
existence proof of Tesla and OpenAI and
SpaceX and these companies. I think that
there will be people who take those
risks.
So, people should go for it.
>> Just do it.
Just do it. Tim, go ahead. Take some
inspiration from today's young founders.
>> Well, we are doing it. We're podcasting.
>> We are. It's been a journey. Anyway,
we're going on YouTube starting next
month.
>> The fans will be able to see us. I'm I'm
sorry.
fans, you're going to see what I see
every time we do a recording. Get ready.
So, Tim, in addition to small screen
stardom, what are you looking forward to
most in this new era of bold names?
>> Hot takes and surprising insights from
some of the biggest names in business,
of course. What about you?
>> Merch.
You guys listen enough, I'll do a merch
drop. I swear.
>> Okay. Well, thanks for taking a walk
down memory lane with us. That's bold
names for this week. We'll be back with
new episodes on Fridays starting
September 12th. And as you've heard,
we're going to video. Check us out on
YouTube and subscribe to WSJ Podcasts.
Our producer is Danny Lewis. We had
additional help this week from Ariana
Ospu and Kasha Bruce. Our fact checker
is Aparna Nathan. Michael Lval and
Jessica Fenton are our sound designers.
Jessica also wrote our theme music. Our
supervising producer is Katherine
Milsop. Our development producer is
Aisha Al-Muslim. Scott Saloway and Chris
Zinsley are the deputy editors and Fana
Patterson is the Wall Street Journal's
head of news audio. For even more, check
out our columns on wsj.com.
We've linked them in the show notes.
>> I'm Tim Higgins.
>> And I'm Christopher Mims. Thanks for
listening.
[Music]